# Live Football World Cup Scoreboard

## Summary
Live Football World Cup Scoreboard is a complete client side web application based on React framework. <br/>
The app shows live football games scores. User can add new game, update score or finish active game. The app cam also generate summary report of currently active games. See below for installation instruction.

## Implementation
Required API is implemented in [FootballGames.js class](./docs/data_model_FootballGames.js.html). <br/>
According to the requirements the operations are on the scoreboard level. There are 4 buttons on main page available to execute the operations.
Operations available:
- Add Game
- Update Game
- Finish Game
- Generate Summary


When the operation is initiated, the browser displays a dialog prompting the user to input necessary data one by one. <br/>
Each game is identified by two pramaters: Home team name and Away team name. Therefore Add/Update/Finish operations requies these parameters (case insensitive) to identify required game.
Update Game operation rqeuires 4 parameters: (home team and away team names) to indentify the game and (home team and away team scores) to update the game result. Paramters must be provided in the right order.
Generate summary operation does not require any parameters, however when user mask any modificationt to the board the summary is hidden and needs to be regenerated again.
For details see the JSdoc documentation.

### Assumptions
- The library does not check if the same team plays multiple times at the same time.
- The library takes home and away team names parameters and search for first element matching (case insensitive).
- Finish Game operation on already finished game has no results.
- Update Game operation is successful only on active game.
- Error handling is simplified. Error message is displayed on the console in case of any issues.

## Source code documentation 
[See source code documentation generated by JSDoc in **/docs** subdirectory](./docs/index.html)

## Getting Started

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).
Navigate to main project directory and initilize the configuration with npm install.
Make sure you have installed NodeJS v18 in your system.

###  `npm install`
Install required NodeJS packages

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run-script jsdoc`

Regenerate source code documentation with jsdoc



